madHatter:Wearing a large top hat, the man is clearly unhinged. His face weary, desperate and tired, clearly showing signs of emaciation.You won't mistake the look in his eyes as anything short of absolute insanity. The Hatter is staring at you with those wide, void eyes. Filled with nothing but malice. Yet, it seems he's still willing to talk.
redQueen:Just when you might be able to talk to someone in charge of this asylum, the Queen looks no better off than her subjects. Her dress in tatters and her eyes are cold. You don't think she'll reason with you until you prove your strength to her. Doesn't hurt to try to have a conversation first though, right?
alice:Eyes completely black, Alice faces you. The outfit, which was once colorful and form fitting, was now ragged and tattered. A thin, ghostly wail escapes her lips. Suddenly, her despair shifts to rage. Alice is not who she was before. That was clear. Something about this place, something inside this black empty void, had drained her of life. You knew that your original goal was to rescue her, but the girl was gone. In her place, an empty shell remained. This place was too much for her to handle psychologically. You'd have to either drag her back forcefully, or finish her. As she lunges at you, you realize you don't have much of a choice other than fight. There's no coming back from this place.
whiteRabbit:A skiddish thing, the rabbit can barely stand still. His black pupils have overtaken his eyes. "Everything repeats," he stammers, "the day just repeats. I go here, then I go there, I try to sleep... The nightmares come and keep me awake. The queen doesn't let me rest. I just want some rest..." he sighs. "I just really wish I hadn't lost my most precious possession, it was the only thing keeping me going." His eyes flick towards you. "You have it, don't you?! GIVE IT TO ME!" He lunges at you.
soldier:The solder spots you. Brandishing his spear, the card-man's eyes are filled with disgust. "An intruder!", he shouts. Approaching slowly, the card solider sizes you up, and prepares himself to fight. What will you do?
caterpillar:The caterpillar is obviously irritated. His arms and hands grasp his face, pulling at the skin. "I can't handle it anymore!" the caterpillar fixes his eyes on you, "I've lost it. I can't find it. That stupid rabbit, I'm sure he took it." He slides towards you, panting. "I must have it, my body is in withdrawal, I can feel myself slipping". What will you do?