madHatter:Wearing a large top hat, the man is clearly unhinged. His face weary, desperate and tired, clearly showing signs of emaciation.You won't mistake the look in his eyes as anything short of absolute insanity. The Hatter is staring at you with those wide, void eyes. Filled with nothing but malice. The man approaches you slowly, brandishing a cane in his hand. Ready to strike. What do you do?
redQueen:Just when you might be able to talk to someone in charge of this asylum, the Queen looks no better off than her subjects. Her dress in tatters and her eyes are cold. She speaks, "The girl beyond the void requires the key items to be returned to her sanity shrine. You won't be able to defeat her." She gasps and clenches her eyes shut. "Her insanity is too strong... I'm losing myself..." Her eyes snap open, eyes completely black. She snarls and runs towards you. What do you do?
alice:Eyes also completely black, Alice faces you. The outfit, which was once colorful and form fitting, was now ragged and tattered. A thin, ghostly wail escapes her lips. Suddenly, her despair shifts to rage. Alice is not who she was before. That was clear. Something about this place, something inside this black empty void, had drained her of life. You could tell she was beyond saving right now. Your body is screaming at you to leave this place. It won't be a good idea to fight her. Maybe the queen's advice had some merit? She groans speaks, "Why~ did you leaaave~ me HERE?!", screaming her last word. You jump back a bit from the box slightly, surprised at her anger. "How long have you been here?" you query. Grunting, Alice stares down at you.
whiteRabbit:A skiddish thing, the white rabbit can barely stand still. His black pupils have overtaken his eyes. "Everything repeats," he stammers, "the day just repeats. I go here, then I go there, I try to sleep... The nightmares come and keep me awake. The queen doesn't let me rest. I just want some rest..." he sighs. "The girl hasn't let any of sleep for so many months... I could really use a rest." The rabbit's eyes snap to your face suddenly. His sleepy, tired eyes trained on you. What will you do?
soldier:The card solder spots you. Brandishing his spear, the card-man's eyes are filled with disgust. "An intruder!", he shouts. Approaching slowly, the card solider sizes you up, and prepares himself to fight. What will you do?
caterpillar:The caterpillar is obviously irritated. His arms and hands grasp his face, pulling at the skin. "I can't handle it anymore!" the caterpillar fixes his eyes on you, "Alice has been driving this place mad. There is no end to it. I can feel it, even from all the way over here." He gasps, seeing you. "I have to take my frustrations out on something!" He slithers towards your wary silhouette. "There must be some way of bringing this place back to a sense of normalcy!" He screams as he rushes you. What do you do?