squareRoom:You'd describe it as a room full of square tiles... The square room. The way that this room seems to shrink as you go further is unsettling. The door at the far end of the room is locked, but I bet I could barely fit through. There are a couple of cabinets sitting on the side wall. One could be opened, you suppose. Maybe there's something inside? There are a few pots and pans lining the walls. Nothing of note. How can I get through this door? There's a rather weak-looking lock on the door to the south...
forestZone:The sun peeks through the treeline, showing the mossy undergrowth of the forest zone. At least everything here seems to be settled and calm. You peer through the trunks of the large leafy trees, and you think you spot something. A small chest. The entryway back to rabbit's backroom is to the north, a pathway to the west towards a mushroom forest, and a pathway to the east that has a signpost marked "un-birthday party".
rabbitsHouseLivingRoom:The old rabbit's house has an air of dread. The dark windows, barely illuminated by candlelight. The door is open. You open it slowly, the entryway door creaking quietly. Comfortable, yet well-used furniture is scattered throughout the dusky living room. A hallway lies at the south end of the living room. The doorway to the square room sits at the north end of the living room.
rabbitsHouseHallway:The hallway is so incredibly dark... there are only two doorways, to the living room on the north end of the hallway, and the southern exit towards what appears to be a back room...
rabbitsHouseBackroom:The back room of the home is more of a large lean-to with screen walls... It appears to be an outdoor lounging area. It hasn't been used for a while, given the amount of vegetative growth on the lawn chairs and table. In the eastern corner is a pile of hay... Looks flammable. That could be dangerous! There is the doorway back to the hallway to the north, and a locked door to the south - towards a forest.
mushForest:Populated by giant mushrooms, the mushroom forest is a dark and quiet place. You spot a caterpillar sitting on one of the large caps of a mushroom. The smoke from the caterpillar's hookah is choking. The light can barely peer through the large mushroom clusters. There only way out of this maze is the way you came... Back to the east, towards the forest zone.
courtRoom:A large courtroom appears. You go inside. The dark floors, which were once adorned with decorations and flag poles, were covered with the debris of a fight or struggle. Up high, a giant throne peers over the courtroom.
unbirthdayParty:A long table sits in the middle of the forest, cluttered with random assortments of dining-ware. Pieces of fine china has been scattered over the table, with traces of blood. The forest trees seem to lean overtop of the table, shading it from any kind of major sunlight. To the east, is a doorway which leads into the courtyard, to a door. To the west, is back to the forest zone.
safeHaven:As the hay burns, you feel the ground giving out below you. Before you fall, you're able to grab onto a nearby rope tied to the upper rafters. As you descend quickly, burning your hands on the tough texture of the rope, you observe what appears to be a small shrine in a tornado shelter. Someone had inhabited this place at one time. You could feel the desperation in the atmosphere. 'Had Alice lived here?' you thought. On the pedestal of the shrine, are five slots where items could be placed. On the shrine, there were drawings of simple objects. ** A Hookah, a Teapot, a Playing Card, and pocket watch, and what appears to be a cake. ** This would be a great spot to keep items if you become encumbered. Additionally, there is also a giant hole... up in the ceiling. Seemingly, it would lead back to the surface, but you'd have to be a giant to get up there! There is only one way out, back up the rope you came
theVoid:placeholder the dark void